# Satellite-imagery-and-cloud-cover-forecast
Prioritization of the cities that will be imaged first (from satellite imagery) based on the 6-day cloud cover forecast.
To select the 8 best cities out of 40 to display each day, we need to investigate the availability of each city for the next 6 days. This availability has to do with the percentage of cloud cover over each city. I assume that up to 33% cloud cover is considered low, from 33% to 66% moderate, and above 66% high. I also assume that above 66% it is considered prohibitive to take images. For cases where a city has 5 days of high cloudiness and only one day of moderate cloudiness, the image capture for the day with moderate cloudiness is considered to be taken. The capability of each city to capture an image is required in order to construct each city's priority order. The cities that will have high cloudiness on many days will be ranked higher in the priority order since they have no other days for image acquisition. In other words, the difficulty of taking an image determines the order in which the cities will be ranked. The estimation of this difficulty was done by taking into account the categories of cloud high and cloud medium. The cities were ranked according to the cloud high category (the more days a city has high cloud coverage, the higher the city is in the priority order). In cases where cities had the same number of days with high coverage, then the comparison was made with the number of days with moderate cloud coverage. The cities that the forecast showed all the days with high cloud cover (>66%) were ignored. In this case 3 cities were found.
